---
title: 隐私协议
date: '2024-01-20'
---

# **Privacy Policy**

<a name="u989481db"></a>Effective date: April 1, 2025

<a name="u9907c5de"></a>
<a name="u10ce3250"></a>This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Privacy Policy") applies to commentify.ai
and its website. It outlines how we collect, store, use, and share information through our services (collectively, the
"Services"), as well as our practices regarding the handling of personal data and user information. ##
<a name="616757b3"></a>**What Personal Information Do We Collect?** ### <a name="information-you-provide-to-us"></a>
**Information You Provide to Us**
<a name="ua096ebe1"></a>The personal information we collect from, and about, you may vary depending on how you engage
with our Services and the information you provide voluntarily. We may collect personal information directly from you or
otherwise in connection with your use of the Services, such as:

<a name="u9a085c05"></a>● Inquiry Information, including information provided in messages sent through forms or surveys,
to our email addresses, or via phone. This also may include information provided when you sign up for our
newsletters，such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send
us, and any other information you may choose to provide.If you choose to refer a friend to our Services, we may also
collect your friend’s email address so that we may send them a referral or promotional code to sign up for our Services.

<a name="u3a191849"></a>● Account Information, including name, username, account ID, date of birth, contact information,
profile information,  .

<a name="u61e9deab"></a>● Survey Information, including information submitted through surveys or questionnaires, or the
content of any testimonials.

● The Administration does not collect or store the full payment card numbers of Users, while all transactions are processed by a third-party payment processor

<a name="u1b254d26"></a>● Inferences About Your Interests, Preferences, and Other Behavioral Data, including hobbies,
interests, and characteristics. ### <a name="information-automatically-collected-general"></a>**Information
Automatically Collected**
<a name="u518e970b"></a>As is true of many digital properties, we and our third-party partners may automatically collect
information you provide to us and information about your device and use of the Service when you visit or interact with
our Services. We, and our third-party partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., pixels, SDKs, APIs,
scripts, location-identifying technologies, and logging technologies) in connection with our Services to collect and
store the information described in this section (and otherwise expanded upon in other sections) for our, and our
third-party partners’, purposes.

<a name="u86b7dd32"></a>The type of information automatically collected includes:

<a name="u9537f42e"></a>● Device data, including internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, device type and
version, browser type and version, browser id, the URL entered, the referring page, date/time of visit, other user agent
string data, the time spent on our Services, and any errors that may occur during the visit to our Services. Device data
may overlap with the other categories of data listed below.

<a name="u45b4f103"></a>● Analytics/Usage data, including the path taken to our Services, through our Services, and when
exiting our Services, usage and activity on or in connection with our Services (e.g., pages visited, links clicked,
videos watched), metrics on how many emails we send are actually opened and which attachments or links are opened,
clicked, or viewed (such as via pixels, as described further below). We may also use third-party tools to collect
information you provide to us or information about how you use the Services, including mouse movements, scrolling,
clicks, and keystroke activity on the Services and other browsing, search, or purchasing behavior. These tools may also
record information you enter when you interact with our Services or engage in chat or other features through our
Services.

<a name="ub3973def"></a>● Location data, including geographic location we or our third-party providers may collect, such
as via permissions within the app operating system or browser functionality.

<a name="ufc14e9ac"></a>● Advertising/Advertising measurement data, including data associated with your view of, or your
clicks on, advertisements served on our Services, cookie IDs or other digital or proprietary identifiers (e.g., iOS
IDFA, Google AAID) assigned to such device, and device metadata, analytics/usage data, and location data described
above, in each case, for purposes of serving advertising (personalized or otherwise) or facilitating advertising
measurement/attribution to better optimize or otherwise understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns. ###
<a name="third-party-sources"></a>**Third-Party Sources**
<a name="u5ad071bf"></a>We also obtain personal information from third parties, which we often combine with personal
information we collect either automatically or directly from an individual. For example, we may receive the same
categories of personal information described above from the following third parties:

<a name="u1544652a"></a>● Other Users who Interact with our Services: We may receive your information from other users
who interact with our Services.

<a name="u156ee8cb"></a>● Business Partners: We may receive your information from our business partners, such as
companies that offer their products or services on our Services or on other properties (e.g., digital properties,
offline locations) or marketing/advertising and analytics partners, including third-party brands/agencies or other
partners that facilitate the buying and selling of advertising inventory on our Services, measure of the effectiveness
of those related ad campaigns, or inform business analytics (e.g., view rates, bounce rates, audience composition).

<a name="u7d94d899"></a>● Information We Receive From Authentication Services: Some parts of our Service may allow you
to login through a third-party social network or authentication service . These services will authenticate the
individual’s identity and provide the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include a name,
email address, address book and contacts, or other information. The data we receive is dependent on that third party’s
policies and the individual’s privacy settings on that third-party digital property. We use this information to
authenticate the individual’s account, to provide our Services, to communicate with our users, and for advertising and
marketing purposes.

<a name="u0421efbb"></a>● Service Providers: Our service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as payment
processors or survey and third parties who conduct marketing/advertising and analytics activities on our behalf, collect
personal information and may share some or all of this information with us.

<a name="u88b5ad48"></a>● Information Providers: We may from time to time obtain information from third-party
information providers to correct or supplement personal information we collect. For example, we may obtain updated
contact information from third-party information providers to reconnect with an individual or obtain demographic
information (e.g., interests, preferences).

<a name="ubcc9542a"></a>● Other Sources: We may also collect personal information about individuals that we do not
otherwise have from, for example, publicly available sources, third-party data providers, brand partnerships, or through
transactions such as mergers and acquisitions.

● The Administration collects and uses Users' personal information solely for the purpose of achieving these goals, by lawful and fair means and, if necessary, with the knowledge or consent of the interested person.

● Personal data must correspond to the purposes for which they are to be used, and, to the extent necessary for these purposes, must be accurate, complete and up-to-date.

## <a name="0f38f0d0"></a>**How Do We Use Personal Information?**

<a name="u0c67cd25"></a>We may use your information for various purposes, including:

<a name="u639c7427"></a>● To fulfill your requests and provide our Services to you. This includes: a. Making our
products and services available to you; b. Coordinating access to your account c. Responding to requests, suggestions,
questions, and comments, and providing other types of user support; d. Sending you service/transaction-related messages,
such as changes to your account; e. Saving your reading lists, or other searches.

<a name="ucf8e6aca"></a>● To personalize your experience on our Services: This includes providing you with content or
other products or services you might be interested in and de-emphasize content you’ve already read or viewed.

<a name="u84568365"></a>● For marketing purposes: We may send you communications about new features, updates, products,
and special offers. We may also use your information to serve you ads about our products or other products or services
we (or our advertising partners, such as other third-party brands/agencies) think you might find interesting. We may
also use individual and aggregate information about you to inform our, and our third-party partners, marketing and
advertising campaigns more broadly.

<a name="u252e4463"></a>● To communicate with you: For example, we may communicate with you about your account
activities. If you register with us, we may enroll you in our email newsletters or other periodic electronic
communications and may also send you user surveys and promotional communications. We may communicate with you by email,
postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means. We may use push notifications on Apps to your mobile device. For
more information on how to adjust your communications preferences, see “What Controls Do I Have Over My Information?”
below.

<a name="u4fbc71d1"></a>● To monitor, improve, and develop our products and services: We may use your information to
understand our users and to tailor or optimize our Services. For example, we may analyze statistics and trends to make
our Services better and to develop or better personalize the Services or new services or features.

<a name="uf14373f8"></a>● To protect the security and integrity of our business, comply with legal requirements and
obligations, or as otherwise permitted by law: We may use your information to protect our company, our affiliates, our
customers, and our Services. We may also use information in order to comply with laws, regulations, court orders, or
other legal obligations or to assist in an investigation, protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or
safety of third parties, enforce our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or agreements with third parties, detect and
prevent fraud or for crime-prevention purposes, or for any other reason permitted by law. We may take part in or be
involved with a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of
company assets and may use information in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction.
Personal information may also be used in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.

<a name="ue3e0bbde"></a>● For any other purposes with your consent, at your direction, or where notice is provided: We
may use your personal information for any other purposes with your consent, at your direction, or where notice is
otherwise provided. ## <a name="14abdbe7"></a>**How Do We Share Personal Information?**
<a name="u1cd8ddbf"></a>We share your information with companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or
help us operate the Services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery,
and website analytics services), including:

<a name="ua5b226e4"></a>● Third Parties At Your Request: You may choose to share your activities on the Services with
your friends through email, text, or on various social media networks.

<a name="udcb40198"></a>● Promotional Partners: We may share information with third parties with whom we partner to
provide contests, surveys, and sweepstakes, or other joint promotional activities.

<a name="u5291ec65"></a>● Marketing and Strategic Business Partners: We may share information with
marketing/advertising, analytics, and other business partners (such as those that provide their own products or services
on other properties) for purposes such as us or those entities providing you with information, undertaking
marketing/advertising activities about products or services that may interest you, informing business analytics, or for
other business or commercial purposes as may be further described in their privacy policies or our privacy policy.

<a name="ub7dbce52"></a>● Online Advertising Partners: We may share information with third-party online advertising
partners or permit these partners to collect information from you on our Services to facilitate online advertising and
related measurement/attribution activities.

<a name="u4e5ffa7a"></a>● With Your Consent, At Your Direction, or Where Notice is Provided: In addition to the sharing
described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or
direct such sharing or where notice is otherwise provided.

<a name="u48e10139"></a>● Service Providers and Advisors: Personal information may be shared with third-party vendors
and other service providers who perform services for us or on our behalf. This may include certain vendors and providers
who engage in marketing or advertising activities, analytics, or provide mailing or email services, tax and accounting
services, product fulfillment, delivery services, payments processing, data enhancement services, fraud prevention, web
hosting, or analytic services.

<a name="u80f770ce"></a>● Purchasers and Third Parties in Connection With a Business Transaction: Personal information
may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all of
our company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our
business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy, or related or similar proceedings.

<a name="u80e414f9"></a>● Law Enforcement, Regulators and Other Parties For Legal Reasons: Personal information may be
disclosed to third parties, as required by law or subpoena, or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to
(a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement, (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect
the security or integrity of our Services, or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our
organization, our visitors, or others.

<a name="u9903ac16"></a>In connection with any of the above, we may share information with others in an aggregated or
otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you. ### <a name="how-we-collect-this-information"></a>**How
We Collect This Information**
<a name="u39f9a1f1"></a>The information used for these advertising practices is typically collected through tracking
technologies, such as cookies, web beacons/pixels, SDKs, APIs, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies,
logging technologies, and similar technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information,
including clickstream information, browser type, time and date you visited the Sites, mobile ad ID or other digital
identifier (e.g., iOS IDFA, Google AAID, cookie ID, click ID, other proprietary IDs such as open-source “universal IDs”
or other ID solutions), geolocation, and other information, such as the advertising/advertising measurement data
discussed further above in this Privacy Policy. These tools may also collect other information you provide to us or
other information about how you use the Services, such as your mouse movements, scrolling, clicks, and keystroke
activity on the Services and other browsing, search, or purchasing behavior. These tools may also record information you
enter when you interact with our Services or engage in chat or other features through our Service.

<a name="u003fa179"></a>We may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed or encrypted email address or user
ID) or other information (such as phone number, which also is typically provided in hashed or encrypted format) with our
third-party advertising partners to help identify you across devices. We may share this information using mechanisms
such as API, direct file upload, server-to-server transfer, or integrating the tracking technologies of those partners
(e.g., pixel). ### <a name="how-to-exercise-your-choices-regarding-online-ads"></a>**How To Exercise Your Choices
Regarding Online Ads**
<a name="u68f0de72"></a>Please see the “What Controls Do I Have Over My Information?” section below to learn how you can
opt out of interest-based advertising. ## <a name="1d681934"></a>**GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)** ###
<a name="c88140f9"></a>**If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights:**
<a name="u328f2271"></a>● Rights to access, erasure and rectification. If you wish to access, correct, update, or
request deletion of your personal information, you may request that we delete information you have provided as set out
in the “Personal information requests” section below.

● Rights to object, restrict processing and data portability. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. Again, You may request that we delete information you have provided as set out in the “Personal information requests” section below.

● Opt-out of marketing communications

You may opt out of marketing-related emails and other communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions in the communications you receive from us or by contacting us as provided in the “Contact us” section below. You may continue to receive Services-related and other non-marketing emails from us.

<a name="u760edead"></a>● Limit our use of sensitive personal information

<a name="u6d06f641"></a>If you do not want us to process your sensitive information for these purposes, please do not
provide it. You may request that we delete information you have provided as set out in the “Personal information
requests” section below.

<a name="u4d7351ce"></a>● Personal information requests

<a name="ua63a50b1"></a>We also offer you choices that affect how we handle the personal information that we control.
Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our Services, you may request the following in
relation to personal information:

<a name="u78f3dfb0"></a>a. Information about how we have collected and used personal information. We have made this
information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.

<a name="u1be7f5fe"></a>b. Access to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where
applicable, we will provide the information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.

<a name="u58058c32"></a>c. Correction of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.

<a name="u282da5f5"></a>d. Deletion of personal information that we no longer need to provide the Services or for other
lawful purposes.

<a name="u033d494a"></a>e. Withdrawal of consent, where we have collected and processed your personal information with
your consent. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your
withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing
grounds other than consent.

<a name="uff37cdc5"></a>f. Additional rights, such as to object to and request that we restrict our use of personal
information.

<a name="u0b4210f8"></a>To make a request, please contact us as provided in the “Contact us” section below. We may ask
for specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled
to empower an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their
identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free
from discrimination.

<a name="u7f7bf72e"></a>In some instances, your choices may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would
impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our
legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are not satisfied with how we address your request, you may
submit a complaint by contacting us as provided in the “Contact us” section below. Depending on where you reside, such
as if you reside in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you may have the right to complain to a data
protection regulator where you live or work, or where you feel a violation has occurred.

<a name="u3485b5cd"></a>● Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)

<a name="u3a6e91f9"></a>You can request the deletion of your personal data. We are guided by principe of integrity and
confidentiality measures, so to delete data please contact us on e-mail: contact@commentify.ai. Please note that
personal data that you have provided to us based on your consent will be deleted.

<a name="u03f05d7e"></a>● Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: To manage cookies, an individual may have the ability
to change their browser settings to (for example): (i) notify them when they receive a cookie, so the individual can
choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) automatically reject cookies (or certain
types of cookies, such as cookies set by third parties). Note that similar controls may exist for other tracking
technologies, such as pixels, SDKs, and localStorage. Please check your device or browser settings and related
documentation for more information.

<a name="uc5c27161"></a>Further, note that restricting the use of these technologies might negatively impact an
individual’s experience using our Services, as some features or offerings may be less personalized or may not work as
otherwise intended. Depending on an individual’s device and operating system, the individual may not be able to delete
or block all cookies or other tracking technologies described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, if an individual
wants to reject cookies across all browsers and devices, the individual will need to do so on each browser and device
they use. You may also have options within your email client to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may
contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain actions with
respect to such emails (e.g., URL clickthroughs). ### <a name="585730b7"></a>**How Do We Protect Personal Information
?**
<a name="u840e4733"></a>We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect
the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration,
access, disclosure, or use. That said, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our
systems at all times. Thus, you assume some risk with regard to the security of information you provide through any
digital property, including our Services. ### <a name="a0fdcffb"></a>**What About Links to Third - Party Websites or
Services ?**
<a name="ub73191d2"></a>Our Services may provide links to other digital properties that are controlled by third parties.
Linked digital properties may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we suggest you review. We are not
responsible for the content, usage, terms, or privacy policies of digital properties that we do not own or control. ###
<a name="299108ad"></a>**What’s Our Policy With Respect to Children’s Personal Information ?**
<a name="udb81b7ec"></a>Our Services are not designed or intended for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect
or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16 (or the equivalent age of a child in your
jurisdiction) on the Services. If we become aware that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child
under the age of 16 (or the equivalent age of a child in your jurisdiction), we will endeavor to delete any such
information promptly. If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 16 (or the equivalent age
of a child in your jurisdiction), please contact us . ### **CAN SPAM Act** The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules
for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails
stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

We collect your email address in order to:

● Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

● Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.

● Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.

● Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

To be in accordance with CAN SPAM, we agree to the following:

● Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.

● Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.

● Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.

● Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.

● Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.

Allow users to unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by using the link at the bottom of each email.

Even if you unsubscribe, we may still contact you for informational, transactional, account-related, or similar purposes.

### <a name="824cd08d"></a>**How Will We Inform You About Changes to This Privacy Policy ?**

<a name="u31adc144"></a>We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy practices.

● The Administration has the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy without the consent of the User.

● The new Privacy Policy comes into force from the moment it is posted on the Site, unless otherwise provided by the new edition of the Privacy Policy.
